---
title: Research
layout: post
urlcolor: blue
--- 

## Ph.D  

**Quality of Service using Segment Routing: Path Computation, Verification and Network Monitoring**  
Conception of multi-objective path computation algorithms and network monitoring solutions using Segment Routing.  
*Supervised by Pr. Cristel Pelsser and Dr. Pascal Mérindol, ICube Network Research Group*   

## Internships 

**OPTIC: Optimal Protection Technique for Intra-Domain Convergence**  
Conception and evaluation of an original architecture and protection scheme aiming to mitigate the negative effects of BGP/IGP interactions.  
*Supervised by Dr. Pascal Mérindol, ICube Network Research Group*  

---

**European Project: Inter-Domain Network Services Monitoring**  
Development of a python tool to correlate data acquired via actived measurement through a large-scale testbed in order to monitor multi-domain VPN.  
*Supervised by Dr. Pascal Mérindol, ICube Network Research Group*  

---

**TraceTunnel: Discovering Hidden MPLS tunnels**  
Studied MPLS technology and ways to detect and reveal hidden MPLS tunnels; created GNS3 models to validate and study 
the revelation methods, implemented them in a traceroute-like tool in python.   
*Supervised by Dr. Pascal Mérindol, ICube Network Research Group*  

---

**Development of a parallel image-reconstruction method for cryo-EM**  
Parallelization and porting to an HP grid of an image reconstruction algorithm, creation of a tool to supervise and 
select parallel execution on the fly in a genetic algorithm fashion on a VM network.   
*Supervised by Dr. Julien Gossa and Gabriel Frey, ICube Parallel Computing Research Group*  









